---
layout: default
title: 2024-05-26 Weather Notes
---
<h1>2024 MAY 26</h1>
<section>
    <h2>S.P.C. Convective Forecast</h2>
    <p>The severe storms outlook for Northern Indiana is at a
       level two of five (slight).</p>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>W.P.C. Excessive Rainfall Outlook</h2>
    <p>The Excessive Rainfall Outlook for Northern Indiana is at a
       level one of four (marginal).</p>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>KIWX Hazardous Weather Outlook</h2>
    <blockquote>
    <p>FLUS43 KIWX 260940</p>
    <p>.DAY ONE...Today and tonight.</p>
    <p>Two instances of strong to severe storms will be possible today. The
    first chance will move through around Noon EDT through 6 PM EDT and
    may have a chance for damaging wind, hail, flooding, and a few
    tornadoes. Another chance for strong to severe storms will move
    through around 8 PM EDT until Midnight EDT and bring all hazards
    again including damaging wind, hail, flooding, and a few tornadoes.</p>
    <p>.SPOTTER INFORMATION STATEMENT...</p>
    <p>Spotter activation is not expected at this time.</p>
    </blockquote>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>KLOT Hazardous Weather Outlook</h2>
    <blockquote>
    <p>FXUS63 KLOT 261137</p>
    <p>.KEY MESSAGES...</p>
    <p>- Periods of showers and thunderstorms today, with pockets of
      gusty winds possible in the morning and a highly conditional
      risk for strong to severe storms late afternoon into the
      evening.</p>
    <p>- Widely scattered afternoon and early evening showers (and
      possibly a few non-severe storms) on Memorial Day and again
      Tuesday.</p>
    <p>- Gradual warming and drying conditions for the end of the week.</p>
    </blockquote>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>SkyWarn or ARES Activation</h2>
    <p>None.</p>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>Local Storm Reports</h2>
    <p>None.</p>
</section>
