---
layout: post
title: "SIM Servers: A Hidden Threat to Telecommunications"
date: 2025-09-23 14:00:00 -0500
categories: [signals-of-need]
---

In September 2025 the United States Secret Service announced
the discovery and dismantling of a network of electronic
devices, in the New York area that could have crippled
telecommunications systems. According to officials, this
network represented a significant threat to United States
telecommunications infrastructure. This network consisted of
more than 300 SIM servers.

## What is a SIM Server?

SIM servers (sometimes called SIM boxes or SIM banks) are
devices that allow multiple SIM cards to be used
simultaneously. Each server can utilize thousands of SIM
cards. While they have some legitimate enterprise and testing
applications, they are often abused for large-scale fraud or
spam operations. A SIM card is the part of a cell phone that
allows it to access the cellular network.

## What Could This Network Have Done?

In theory, with 300 servers, each holding 1,000 SIM cards and
each SIM capable of sending 100 text messages per hour, this
network could have generated up to 30 million text messages
per hour. At such a scale, the operation could have resulted
in a denial of service to parts of the United States cellular
network.

## Signals of Need

If a network like this were used to disrupt the United States
cellular system, groups such as the Amateur Radio Emergency
Service (ARES), the National Traffic System (NTS), and the
Military Auxiliary Radio System (MARS) could be called upon to
help fill the resulting communications gap.

## Bibliography

Haraburda, John. 2025. “What Is SIM Box Fraud: Understanding Telecoms’ Most Challenging Scam.” TNS, August 5. https://tnsi.com/resource/com/what-is-sim-boxing-blog.

United States Secret Service. 2025. U.S. Secret Service Dismantles Imminent Telecommunications Threat in New York Tristate Area. Press Release. https://www.secretservice.gov/newsroom/releases/2025/09/us-secret-service-dismantles-imminent-telecommunications-threat-new-york.

Wikipedia. n.d. “SIM Card.” Accessed September 23, 2025. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIM_card.


